hey guys Dave from cook and chair here
it's a beautiful day and I feel like
something a little different for
breakfast so I'm going to make up some
tomato rice it's simple easy delicious
you're gonna love it so let's step into
the kitchen to get started we're gonna
get started here with a quick
demonstration on how to cook up rice so
what I usually do to spice this up a
little is crush up a couple of cloves of
garlic add a cup of rice to a pot and
you can use any rice you want depending
on the rice you're using you might want
to give it a quick rinse just to get rid
of any pebbles or debris this rice is
pretty clean so I've just gone ahead and
put it in now we're gonna go ahead and
pour in two cups of water
throw the garlic cloves in slip a lid on
and bring this to a boil so as you
probably saw we've doubled the amount of
water compared to the rice which is
about a two to one ratio if you're using
a rice cooker is gonna be a little bit
different so just check your
instructions we're gonna simmer this
over low heat for about 15 to 20 minutes
and here's a tip guys if your rice gets
wet simply place it in a bag of
cellphones overnight all right little
bit silly while the rice is cooking
we're gonna make the sauce and to do
this we're gonna add a bit of oil to a
preheated pan then saute 2 or 3 cloves
of garlic with a small tuft onion for
about a minute
add in somewhere in the neighborhood of
about a cup and a half of tomato sauce
give it a season with some salt and
pepper stir it up until everything is
well incorporated and we're gonna let
this cook over medium low heat for about
I'd say five minutes or so
well the tomato sauce is cooking don't
forget to click that subscribe button
cuz let's face it you don't want to miss
a video
all right our rice is nicely cooked in
ever so fluffy so now we're gonna fry up
an egg what I usually do is melt down
about a tablespoon of butter slip the
egg in salt and pepper it let it cook
over low heat for about three or four
minutes now the egg is set we're gonna
scoop some rice onto a plate
lay your a overtop spoon some of that
yummy tomato sauce over the top and you
can put this anywhere you want actually
and you're good to go
and there you have it our simple easy
ever so delicious for breakfast lunch or
dinner tomato rice
head on over to cook and chair comm for
this recipe and many more great recipes
and don't forget to click subscribe and
like our videos thanks for watching and
see you next time